CHEESE POTATO BREAD
For the dough
1) Add flour, milk, melted unsalted butter and a pinch of salt to a bowl.
2) Mix with a spatula or wooden spoon until a lump is formed.
3) Knead by hand for 5 minutes or until the dough does not stick to the side of the bowl.
4) Cover with cling film and let the dough rest in the refridgerator for 1 hour.

For the filling
1) Peel and steam the potato until a fork or tooth pick pierces the potato easily.
2) Mash the potato well.
3) Add 2 tablespoons of mayonnaise to the mashed potato.

Assembly
1) Remove the dough from fridge and roll out into a round and flat shape (about 22cm) - thin is imperative to ensure even cooking.
2) Put a generous amount of mozzarella cheese in the center of the dough.
3) Lay mashed potato directly on top of the mozzarella cheese center.
4) Add more mozzarella cheese to cover the mashed potato. At this point you should have 3 layers - cheese, potato, cheese.
5) Close the dough up by pinching as you would close up a dumpling.
6) Gently flatten the dough with a rolling pin to a diameter depending on the size of your pan. (Go as big as you can)

Cooking
1) Melt some butter in a hot skillet.
2) Place the dough in seam-side down.
3) Gently brush the top of the dough with more butter.
4) Panfry over medium low heat until golden brown on both sides. You can flip this as many times as you want.
5) Remove from pan, cut into bite-sized pieces and serve warm.


143 grams all-purpose flour
43 grams unsweetened cocoa
200 grams light brown sugar
1 teaspoon salt
1 teaspoon baking soda
57 grams unsalted butter, melted
1/4 cup fresh vegetable oil
120 grams full fat sour cream or plain whole milk yogurt, at room temperature
2 large eggs plus 1 egg yolk, at room temperature
2 teaspoons vanilla extract
136 grams shredded zucchini, from about 1 medium zucchini
170 grams semisweet chocolate chips


ZUCCHINI CHOCO CAKE
1) Preheat oven to 175 Celsius. Line an 8x8" metal baking pan with parchment paper then spray with nonstick cooking spray or butter the pan. If using a glass pan, preheat the oven to 170 Celsius.
2) In a large bowl, whisk together flour, cocoa, sugar, salt, and baking soda.
3) In a small bowl, whisk together melted butter, oil, sour cream, eggs, egg yolk, and vanilla extract.
4) Make a well in the center of the dry ingredients and pour in the wet ingredients.
5) Stir until a few streaks of flour remain.
6) Squeeze out any additional moisture from the shredded zucchini before adding to the batter. Skipping this step will result in a gummy cake texture.
7) Add in the chocolate chips. Stir until everything is just barely combined. 
8) Pour the batter into the prepared pan and bake for 30 minutes (35 - 40 minutes if using glass) or until a toothpick comes out clean. It's normal for your cake to sink slightly in the middle.
9) Let cool completely before serving.



2 packages (20 sheets) graham crackers
156g unsalted butter, melted
25g  sugar
2 225g packages cream cheese, room temperature
1 382g can sweetened condensed milk
57g fresh lemon juice
1 teaspoon vanilla extract

1) Put graham crackers in a large resealable plastic bag, and crush them with a rolling pin until very fine crumbs form.
2) Pour crumbs into a medium-sized bowl; stir in sugar. Add butter, and stir until well combined.
3) Press the crumb mixture into a 9" springform pan, spreading it 1 1/2 to 2 inches up the side; press flat. Chill crust in freezer at least 10 minutes.
4) While chilling the crust, make the filling: Using an electric mixer set at medium-high speed, beat the cream cheese in a large bowl until smooth. Beat in the condensed milk a little at a time, scraping the sides of the bowl, as necessary. Beat in the lemon juice and vanilla.
5) Pour the filling into the crust; smooth the top with a rubber spatula. Cover with plastic wrap, and refrigerate until firm, 2 1/2 to 3 hours.
6) Unclasp sides of pan, and remove cheesecake.

 <h2>Recipes by Category</h2>
    <ul>
      <li>
        <a href="../recipe-site-bootcamp/savoury.html">Savoury Treats</a>
      </li>
      <li><a href="../recipe-site-bootcamp/sweets.html">Sweet Treats</a></li>
    </ul>

60g extra virgin olive oil
5 garlic cloves , sliced
1/2 tbsp red chilli flakes
chopped parsley, personal preference

2) Heat oil over medium high heat. Add garlic and cook until golden - be careful not to burn it.
3) When pasta is ready, scoop out 1 cup of pasta cooking water, and drain pasta.
4) Toss pasta with sauce and pasta cooking water. Toss pasta until sauce thickens and sticks to pasta (about 1-2 minutes).
5) Toss through parsley and chilli flakes, season with salt and pepper to taste. 